what is up beauties what is up shore
large staff my name is bernzy and i did
tell you that angry kids would not be
back until november well I lied are you
oh my god boys you're fucking
Wow one more fuckin time
oh my god really who is it how much
Vedas out there telling me Li eight
people man I hate the font man this shit
has got to stop
I would used to have me already oh my
god Minnesota I'm so gonna marry you the
fuck are you kidding me
stab you again and I just you bastard
Minnesota
motherfucker I'm getting so pissed I got
my own thing to do mother fuckers
Minnesota Minnesota who's running around
you Billy eight all they have is a
pistol